c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.pdb
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.pdb
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\butkevich\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.pdb
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.pdb
C:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.dll
C:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.pdb
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.dll
H:\backup\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Debug\TaskManager.pdb
