C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.pdb
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.pdb
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.pdb
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.dll
c:\Users\butkevich\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MVC\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.pdb
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.dll
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.xml
C:\Users\Conrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sanatorium\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\TaskManager.pdb
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\MvcPaging.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.Models.extendUserProfile.resources
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\obj\Release\TaskManager.pdb
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\TaskManager\TaskManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
